---
title: Research Assistantship for Digital Warfare in the Sahel CLOSED
author: Admin
tags:
  - vacancy
---
# We are looking for research assistants for the project Digital Warfare in the Sahel

The Leiden University Institute for History invites applications for a research assistant for the NWO-funded project ‘Digital warfare in the Sahel: popular networks of war and Cultural Violence'. This interdisciplinary project will combine historical-ethnographic approach with natural language processing and social network analysis to study the role of social media networks in the spread of violence in Sahel region.

## Key responsibilities

- Data collection;
- Data analysis;
- Creation of Jupyter notebooks;
- Collaboration with members of the team.

## Selection Criteria

- MA degree in computational linguistics, computational social sciences or closely related area;
- Excellent programming skills, preferably in Python;
- Experience with natural language processing and social network analysis;
- Interest in the Humanities and Social Sciences;
- Good command of English;
- Ability to work both independently and as part of an (international) team;
- Ability to work in an international and highly competitive environment.

## Start date
1 October 2023

## Salary and Conditions
The appointment (0.2 fte) is initially for one year with the possibility of extending the contract for three years after positive evaluation (or 0.4 fte for one year with the possibility of extending the contract for one year after positive evaluation). Depending on qualifications and experience, the maximum gross monthly salary for this position is € 2.679 for a full-time position, based on the collective salary agreement of the Association of Dutch Univerisities (CAO)

## Employee benefits
Leiden University offers an attractive benefits package with additional holiday (8%) and end-of-year bonuses (8.3 %), training and career development and sabbatical leave. Our individual choices model gives you some freedom to assemble your own set of terms and conditions.

## Apply now!
Applications should be submitted [here](https://careers.universiteitleiden.nl/job/Leiden-Research-Assistant/950868801/) in English and include a:

- Motivation letter;
- Curriculum vitae;
- List of two referees to your application (with full postal addresses, telephone numbers, and emails). Referees will be contacted directly by the search committee.

### Deadline
21 July 2023

### Questions?
Please feel free to contact Professor Mirjam de Bruijn (m.e.de.bruijn@hum.leidenuniv.nl) and Dr. Jelena Prokic (j.prokic@hum.leidenuniv.nl ) for more information.

